feat: support x-smallrye-profile (#1522)
quarkiverse/quarkus-openapi-generator: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/openapitools.adoc

quarkus.openapi.generator.server.use-reactive=true
----

== `x-smallrye-profile-<profileName>`

You can add SmallRye profile-specific vendor extensions directly to an OpenAPI operation, and the OpenAPITools server generator will propagate them to the generated resource method.

When one or more `x-smallrye-profile-<profileName>` entries are present on an operation, the generated method is annotated with `@org.eclipse.microprofile.openapi.annotations.extensions.Extensions` and one `@Extension` entry per matching vendor extension.

Example:

[source,yaml]
----
paths:
  /pet/findByTags:
    get:
      operationId: findPetsByTags
      x-smallrye-profile-admin: ""
      x-smallrye-profile-order: ""

>       x-smallrye-profile-user: enabled

Reviewer: I don’t think the profile value should be used here. In smallrye-open-api, it appears that only an empty string is used consistently. Introducing additional values adds unnecessary speculation about what this field represents.

quarkus.openapi.generator.server.use-reactive=true
----

> == `x-smallrye-profile-<profileName>`

Reviewer 2: I think this part of documentation must live before the `== Configuration Properties` section.

You can add [SmallRye profile-specific vendor extensions](https://github.com/smallrye/smallrye-open-api?tab=readme-ov-file#x-smallrye-profile-profilename) directly to an OpenAPI operation, and the OpenAPITools server generator will propagate them to the generated resource method.

> Because the generated code imports `org.eclipse.microprofile.openapi.annotations.extensions.*`, add the MicroProfile OpenAPI API dependency to your project. If you already use `quarkus-smallrye-openapi`, it also provides these annotations transitively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must add the dependency below to your project, as the `org.eclipse.microprofile.openapi.annotations.*` annotations are required at compile time. Without it, the generated code will not compile:
```

[source,xml]
----

> <dependency>
>   <groupId>org.eclipse.microprofile.openapi</groupId>
>   <artifactId>microprofile-openapi-api</artifactId>
> </dependency>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.quarkus</groupId>
    <artifactId>quarkus-smallrye-openapi</artifactId>
</dependency>
```
